Adding test guide for e2e suite (#1156)
konveyor/mig-controller: docs/testguide.md

# Testing guide

The purpose of this document is to provide start guide to set up, run and extend e2e test suite.

### Prerequisites/Dependencies

- Install Ginkgo and Gomega 

      go get github.com/onsi/ginkgo/ginkgo

>       go get github.com/onsi/gomega/...

Reviewer: @JaydipGabani what does the `...` signify here? Is that the actual command the user needs to run?

Author: @djwhatle Yes!! I was also confused, but that is how they mentioned it on the documentation.

          export RSYNC_TRANSFER_IMAGE_FQIN=<rsync_transfer_image>   # this is a string, default value is "quay.io/konveyor/rsync-transfer:latest"
          export MIG_POD_LIMIT=<migration_pod_limit>                # this is an integer, default value is 100
          export CLUSTER_NAME=<host_cluster_name>                   # this is a string, default value is "host"
          export RESTIC_TIMEOUT=<restic_timeout>                    # this is a string, default value is "1h"
          export MIGRATION_VELERO=<flag_to_use_velero>              # this is a bool, default value is true
          export MIG_NAMESPACE_LIMIT=<limit_namespace_migration>    # this is an integer, default value is 10
          export MIG_PV_LIMIT=<mig_pv_limit>                        # this is an integer, default value is 100
          export VERSION=<version>                                  # this is a string, defaut value is "latest"

### Command to run the test suite

```
# this command should be run from root of the mig-controller repo
make e2e-test 
```

### Structure of the current suite

#### Set-up for the test suite

> `BeforeSuite` of `test_suite_test.go` is responsible for setting up the environment to the point where all the dependencies to create a plan and run a migration. This includes installing controller if not present, creation of `migStorage` and `migCluster` and making sure these are in the desired state. Currently `migSorage` is limited to `aws s3` bucket, any other type of `migStorage` creation will be added in future.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BeforeSuite` of `test_suite_test.go` is responsible for setting up E2E test dependencies needed prior to creating a plan and running a migration. This ensures the following are present and in the desired state:
- `MigrationController`
- `MigStorage` 
- `MigCluster`

Currently `MigStorage` is limited to `aws s3` bucket. Support for other types of `MigStorage` creation will be added in future.   
```
